specialist of the sports area gave
his impression on the whistle on
arrest in Switzerland of the president of the
Venezuelan soccer federation and first
vice president of conmebol
rafael esquivel this was a strong blow
for world football especially for
the Venezuelan future because it has
involved what is the hierarch the
president of the venezuelan federation
of football that is Mr. Rafael
esquivel and good all a case that goes to
have many consequences throughout
these days
first because we remember that football
Venezuelan from the year 2016 goes to
present a new format now that
It happens that the president of the
Venezuelan football federation then
is going to see the question of how to do everything
in the question of organization in the
case of writing does not really imply to
the federation even though it is the
president of the federation is not
named the national federation of
football as always going to investigate
although it is called to be
involved in the corruption case
reference is accused of crimes
personnel who are money laundering
influence peddling and bribes and everything
this was with his position if as president
of the federation but closer to its
position as vice president of conmebol
the leader as the longest
have in charge I know that that makes
good that that in one way or another if
splash the federation but in turn not
implies nothing because the statutes
also marked extradite to usa is going
to continue the case of having a footprint and
everything indicates that he will give a penalty and a
punishment to be fulfilled by the US prosecutor
speaks of penalties that go up to a maximum
of 20 years in prison if they are found
guilty and they understand for all
investigation that they have done that if what
are
as the other officials are
suspended from their positions so
immediately obviously the confederation
South American has to take letters
results have substitute but all
this will still generate many changes
that we are not getting to see why
both South America and Central America
are strongly linked to this case
of corruption was surprised the amount
of accurate data that place of slope
about properties in florida on
exact amounts of bribery is spoken of
that in 2007 for the American Cup received
one million dollars for concept of
bribery and basically besides this
structure for financial operations
that were made in the USA for bribes
to maintain both cup rights
america like the america cup
centenary that we well know is a
Cup that has been home among members of
conmebol and concacaf all that kind of
bribes that the sum of 100 million
dollars among all parties
involved
have been recorded between transactions
within the USA between US banks and
Swiss banks for the whistle reported
alba madrid